so today the cameraman is very tired and
he'll be sitting in a chair and I'll be
standing for a change so we're doing a
little bit of role reversal but he won't
be appearing in front of the camera and
I won't be behind it today we have a
very exciting product to unbox it is a
blizzard license product it is made by
steel series and it comes with World of
Warcraft Cataclysm branding on it do you
think you can guess which product it is
yes it is finally the updated Wow Mouse
now the original Wow Mouse was a fairly
similar looking product but the
improvements that have been made are all
really cool so let's start with pinning
up we've got a little magnetic clasp
here so that's what closes a package
about like a cool sort of packaging on
this where it's like burned away and
then you pull it open you can see
there's a bunch more information here
covered in Blizzard artwork of course
which is always awesome alright develop
for world of warcraft players by
blizzard and steel series cooperatively
the Cataclysm MMO gaming mouse invokes
the iconic imagery of death wing the
destroyer leader of the Black
Dragonflight and okay so this is just
marketing spiel all right that's not
going to tell us too much here we go
multi platform compatibility Mac and PC
just like blizzards games game library
official in-game supports you can bind
all 14 buttons within the game so it's
built right into WoW support for this
mouse Advance macros with 14 fully
programmable buttons we have onboard
memory to store your custom settings
advanced illumination with 16 million
colors and 4 intensity settings very
cool
the original Wow mouse had like the same
sort of deal where you can change the
color of it and up to 10 unique profiles
linked to the armory your custom
profiles link to the armory so I'm
guessing that's 4 different characters
all right then let's actually have a
look at the back of the box here and
here we go so frames per second that is
the FPS that can be recorded by the
mouse's 11.75 self-adjusting okay inches
per second is 150 counts per inch is 92
50 40 so the CPI seems to be quite a bit
higher than the original Wow Mouse
acceleration true 16-bit these are all
very highly technical
specifications I mean you got to
understand SteelSeries has been building
mice for a long time this is not a
cheesy like Wow randant product that is
just designed to sort of take a cheap
mouse throw a label on it and sell a
bunch of mice they've actually been
building gaming peripherals for as long
as we've had awesome professional level
peripherals so see if there's anything
else that I want to cover that is talked
about on the back of the box now the
software for the original WoW Mouse was
pretty good and as far as I know we're
using a very similar software layout but
what I'll have to do is I'll have to
update you guys once I have a chance to
actually use the mouse so today we're
going to focus on the physical aspects
of it so first of all what we have
included in the package yeah cameraman
couldn't care less but it's basically a
little thing that tells you to download
the latest drivers you know Oh Quick
Start Guide Wow okay you might find some
more info in here it's quite thick which
I guess is because there's a lot of
languages to configure the mouse you
launch the Gaming Mouse software via the
Start menu just speed and sensitivity
you can program the buttons you can
adjust the color intensity and pulsation
effects so it does have the pulsation
that the original wah Mouse had you can
use up to 10 profiles with 14 different
buttons and let me see buttons and
default settings here we go so here they
map on all the buttons okay well there's
not a whole lot in there actually it is
a Quick Start Guide all right so let's
have a look at the well mouse itself
first thing is it's an MMO Mouse so it's
all about buttons let's show you guys
where all of the buttons on this Mouse
are so we'll start on this side we have
one two three four five buttons on the
left side so I'm not going to count this
one I'll count that as a top button five
here next we have one two three four
five six seven eight on the top and then
finally on this side we have an
additional one so that is a total of 14
buttons on this Mouse now personally I
did not find the ergonomics of the
original amount while Mouse to be quite
to my liking it was more of
a more of an ambidextrous shape so it
wasn't really fitted for a right hand
whereas the new Wow Mouse the Cataclysm
mouse actually borrows a little of the
shape from my personal favorite Mouse
the iqari laser so you've got this same
shape here to rest your two fingers on
and then over on the other side the
thumb buttons are actually in a much
better position for someone like me to
actually reach them the original Wow
Mouse had some of the buttons were a
little bit weird like you could kind of
accidentally hit one when you mean to
hit the other because they were all on
kind of a single button and it was more
like a rocker switch and I didn't really
like that all that much but this is a
much much better layout so these are
going to be your back and forward
buttons and windows and I guess the
other ones are mostly intended for games
use alright so the overall finish of it
now this is not quite a production
sample Mouse but this should be pretty
close to what we're expecting so it's
kind of a a worn armor look finish to
the to the top of the mouse and then
this is final so this is a pretty much a
steel series safe staple this kind of
rubberized grip II feeling thing okay so
let's flip the mouse over here we find
the SteelSeries gaming great engine as
well as nice large slippy pads on the
bottom of the mouse so it's going to
take you a long time to wear those guys
out we have a very nice-looking braided
yum cameraman wants to see that I guess
we have a very nice braided cable here
so you can see that they're using a very
high-quality sleeving when the cameraman
finishes looking at the gaming great
engine alright so they use a great
quality cable sleeving you can't see
through that to the court at all and
then we'll have a look at sort of how
long it is
so yeah it's about wow it's actually
really low in cord and then we've got a
gold plated USB connector at the end to
make sure that you're always making good
connection between the mouse and the USB
port
a couple more views of the most itself
because it really does look pretty sharp
so what I want to show you guys and I
guess I'll do an upcoming video on this
is I want to show you guys the driver
configuration as well as the what it
looks like with all the lighting effects
enabled so don't forget to subscribe to
line this tech tips for follow up on
this most more unboxings more reviews
all that kind of good stuff and thank
you for watching